# Algorithm Execution 
## Main class
	
Main.java

## Random Number Generator

RandomGenerator.java generates 1000 random integers.


### Binary Search
The module performs binary search. 

####Execution

Run the method below to perfom binary search by calling binary_search(datas) in the main method.

Parameter 

Integer[] datas : Random integers generated by RandomGenerator.java


public static void binary_search(Integer[] datas) {
}

During Exectuion:

On exection of binary_search(datas), the random numbers is sorted using Merge Sort algorithm. Then user is prompt to enter the number to be search in the array.

Result: 

If the number is found, "Found" message is displayed. Otherwise, "Not found" message is displayed to the user.


### Quick sort
The module implements quick sort algorithm.

##### Execution

Run the method below to perfom quick sort by calling quick_sort(datas) in the main method.

Parameter:

Integer[] datas : Random integers generated by RandomGenerator.java

public static void quick_sort(Integer[] datas) {
}

On exection of quick_sort(datas), the random numbers is sorted using quick sort algorithm.

Result: 

The user will be provided with the sorted list of random numbers.


### Merge Sort
The module implements merge sort algorithm.

#### Execution

Run the method below to perfom merge sort by calling merge_sort(datas) in the main method.

Parameter:

Integer[] datas : Random integers generated by RandomGenerator.java

public static void quick_sort(Integer[] datas) {
}

On exection of merge_sort(datas), the random numbers is sorted using merge sort algorithm.


Result:

The user will be provided with the sorted list of random numbers.


### Queue Implementation

## Circular Queue











